Tenable fetch bug (#35327)
demisto/content: Packs/Tenable_io/ReleaseNotes/2_2_5.md

#### Integrations

##### Tenable Vulnerability Management (formerly Tenable.io)

> - Fixed an issue where ***Fetch-assets*** command gets stuck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-assets*** command did not pull new alerts.
```

> - Fixed an issue where ***Fetch-assets*** command gets stuck.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-assets*** command did not pull new assets or vulnerabilities.
```
